

I set a goal to write a couple blogs to document this journey. The idea is to write a blog after 1 week, then after 1 month, then 6 months and then 1 year.


First of all, i want to say thanks to the PV team. They are really wonderful and skillful people. I wouldn't be able to do this if it wasn't for them. _i really mean it when i say that_.



Today marks one week, so there's a couple things i want to write about. Mainly the how, the why and what i expect from the decision to leave my previous job to build a startup.


It was a sunday evening, i was listening to a Lex Fridman [podcast](balaji one). I decide to take a quick 25 min nap, and when my consciusness returns back to normal, i had 2 messages from Roger.. _oh shit, the meeting_ i said to myself. He wanted to discuss a startup idea he had a while ago with me, because he trusted my technical judgement.

Roger had been the founder of a Fintech, and was now working in PV as a visiting partner. He wanted to build his second startup this year, and had some ideas about what to pursue but did not have a technical cofounder in mind yet.

In the meeting we discussed doing Thrasio for SaaS. Thrasio was an Ecommerce aggregator: they buy successful ecommerces and assign resources and teams to scale them. Roger wanted to do that but for SaaS businesses.

At a first glance the idea doesn't seem that good. It is like having the problems that a SaaS startup has, but multiplied by the number of companies you buy. --It could totally work--, i said, while having very serious doubts in my mind that it would work in practice.

After a couple of back and forth, I asked who was going to be his cofounder--he said that he did not have one yet, --and in fact, i was wondering if you would want to be that cofounder--he said.

I was kinda expecting it at that point in the meeting, but i didn't instantly said yes. I was still in college, i had a good job as a tech lead at PV, i liked the team and i was learning a lot. But since i started working in PV the dream of pursuing my own startup was getting stronger every day. So i said yes.


And that's what got me here. We're 1 week in, and i think we're doing good. We're about to acquire our first SaaS, which is an error tracking and analytics platform. I'm very excited about the space, i think the market is very big and there's a lot of room for more players and better solutions. The tech SaaS market will grow exponentially in the coming years and i think there's a big opportunity for monitoring and analytics services.

We're algo incubating a SaaS ourselves: [skipMail](https://skipmail.co). skipMail aims to allow people to do email 10x faster by suggesting replies and helping you write emails using AI. It is not something new, but i think existing solutions don't do it well. There's a bunch of chrome extensions that suck at the only thing they do: suggesting email replies. We want to be a SuperHuman alternative right inside Gmail and at a fraction of the cost.

There's not many benchmarks to show yet, as we're barely starting. But i hope in the coming blogs i can let you know how we've been doing, and what mistakes we make along the way so you can learn something from this.
